HOOHACKS
Vol. 2025

Table of Contents
01


Sponsors - pg. 1

02

What is a Hackathon?
A hackathon is a 24-hour tech event for teams of students to learn new skills, build cool tech projects, and meet tons of other students and tech professionals. There will be food, awesome workshops, and super cool swag for all hackers!

How much will it cost?
There is absolutely no cost for attending our hackathon! We will provide all the resources for you to participate comfortably.

Do I need a team?
If you are planning to compete for a prize, you may be in a team of 1–4 people. If you don’t have one yet, no worries! We will have a team formation workshop before hacking begins.

Who can attend?
All current undergraduate, graduate, and high school students at least 18 years of age may attend HooHacks. No coding experience is necessary! Non-STEM majors, first-time hackers, and beginner coders are encouraged to join us!

What are the logistics?
HooHacks 2025 will be taking place at the University of Virginia. Information regarding schedule of events and more are coming soon!

HooHacks will also be offering travel reimbursement this year! More information on our travel reimbursement policies can be found here: [link]

Have more questions?
Feel free to contact us at team@hoohacks.io or message us on Instagram @hoohacks if you have any questions, concerns, or feedback. More information on general MLH guidelines can be found here: [link]

Helpful Links and Schedule - pg. 7

03



Founder’s Fair- pg. 8

03



What to Bring - pg. 11

04



Maps - pg. 12

05



Free Resource + Hardware - pg. 14

06



Workshop Downloads - pg. 17

07



FAQ - pg. 19

08



Reimbursements + Raffle - pg. 20

01
Sponsors

Partners

01

02
Sponsors
CoStar Group
CoStar Group is a leading provider of commercial real
estate information, analytics, and online marketplaces.
From investment decisions to property management,
CoStar Group's comprehensive solutions empower
professionals to make informed choices and drive
success. Learn more at the hackathon about the world of
commercial real estate and uncover how CoStar Group is
redefining the landscape.



UVA Honor
The University of Virginia’s Honor Committee —the
Committee representatives elected from every school,
the trained support officers who staff cases,
individuals who report offenses—exists for a single
purpose: to uphold and support the Community of Trust.
We believe that students, faculty, and administrators
are not passive recipients of culture, but rather are
active agents in creating and maintaining the ideals of
our community. As students at the University of
Virginia, we have made the conscious decision to not
let personal gain, ambition, or future advancement
become the defining characteristics of our years at
this university. Instead, we seek to conduct ourselves
with integrity, respecting the work and property of our
fellow students and the wisdom of our professors. We
aim to cultivate habits that will inform our work
habits long after we graduate; to assume the best in
each other; and to hold fast to notions of right and
wrong, even when doing so comes at personal cost.
Through this collective effort, our ultimate end is to
live and work in a Community of Trust, where honesty
and mutual respect are the baseline for all our
interactions and academic endeavors



03
Sponsors (cont.)
Kyrus Tech
Kyrus-SIXGEN provides world-class cybersecurity
services and products to protect government
organizations and commercial industries. Our highly
skilled operators conduct research and assessments
based on real-world threats. We emulate global
adversaries and malicious actors to report detailed and
actionable findings on critical assets and
infrastructures. Using innovative processes, tools, and
advanced techniques, we predict and overcome
cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Kyrus-SIXGEN prioritizes
security best practice, customer requirements and
privacy, and overall mission impact. We look forward to
welcoming new interns in 2026!



UVA School of Data Science
The University of Virginia School of Data Science—
the first of its kind in the nation—is guided by
common goals: to further discovery, share
knowledge, and make a positive impact on society
through collaborative, open, and responsible data
science research and education. Founded in fall
2019 through the largest gift in UVA history, the
School positions the university and our community
to play a national and international leadership
role in the global digital future. To learn more
about our School and academic programs, visit
https://datascience.virginia.edu/.



University Programs Council (UPC)
The University Programs Council (UPC) at UVA is a
student-run organization that funds and organizes
events to enhance campus life. Through its budget
and grants, UPC supports student clubs in hosting
activities and planning large-scale events. From
concerts and movie nights to cultural celebrations,
their funding helps create engaging and inclusive
experiences for the student body. 

3 Student Affairs

04

Sponsors (cont.)
UVA SustainableIT
UVA’s Office for Sustainability and the UVA
Sustainable IT working group is pleased to sponsor a
$1000 prize for the hack that best demonstrates
elements sustainability. The UVA Sustainability
mission calls for ingenuity and inclusivity to
promote the wellbeing of the community, solve local
and global challenges through scholarship and
practice, educate ethical leaders and steward this
special place, the nation’s only university
designated a UNESCO World Heritage site. UVA’s 2030
Sustainability Plan goals (see image below) include
numerous goals that focus on the areas of
stewardship, engagement and discovery including
reducing UVA’s carbon footprint and reliance on
fossil fuels
reducing waste to 30% of 2010 levels
reducing reactive nitrogen losses to 30% of 2010
levels
increasing sustainable food utilization by 30%
reducing water usage by 30%
building accountability and advancing equitable
places, an
enhancing Sustainability teaching, research and
learning.


The Office for Sustainability and Sustainable IT
working group are always looking for passionate and
engaged contributors who want to help UVA advance
sustainability. Check out our website to learn more!
(https://sustainability.virginia.edu and https://
sustainableit.virginia.edu)



05

Sponsors (cont.)
UVA McIntire School of Commerce
The McIntire School of Commerce’s Center for
Business Analytics (CBA) is a nexus for the focused
exploration of data and its application to inform
business decisions through academic research,
industry engagement and collaboration, curriculum
innovation, and professional outreach.

Through

partnerships between faculty, students, and our
corporate members, the CBA advances McIntire’s
thought leadership and recruiting opportunities in
business analytics.



IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe
that through the application of intelligence, reason
and science, we can improve business, society and
the human condition, bringing the power of an open
hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients
and partners around the world. Restlessly
reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the
largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re
also one of the biggest technology and consulting
employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies
relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At
IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of
artificial intelligence, quantum computing and
blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our
journey to being a responsible technology innovator
and a force for good in the world.



The Office of the Vice President and
Chief Student Affairs
Officer at UVA oversees Student Affairs, providing
essential funding and resources to support student
organizations and initiatives. Through grants,
leadership programs, and operational support, they
help student clubs thrive and enhance campus
engagement. Their funding enables events, wellness
initiatives, and community-building efforts that
enrich student life. 




06

Sponsors (cont.)
UVA Parents Program
The UVA Parents Program plays a key role in funding
student activities and enhancing the student
experience by supporting clubs and organizations.
Through fundraising efforts, including the Parents
Fund, they provide grants that help student groups
host events and broaden their CIO’s horizons. This
financial support enables a diverse range of
extracurricular opportunities, from cultural clubs
to service initiatives. 



UVA’s Darden School of Business
The Batten Institute at UVA’s Darden School of
Business supports innovation and entrepreneurship
through funding, programs, and mentorship. They
offer grants, incubators, and resources to help
students launch ventures and lead impactful
initiatives. By fostering entrepreneurial thinking,
the institute enhances experiential learning and
business innovation at UVA.


02

Helpful Links and 

Schedule
Links

HooHacks App:

https://app.hoohacks.io/



HooHacks Devpost: 

https://hoohacks-2025.devpost.com/



Discord (*): 

https://discord.gg/hp4DDspQSS



Instagram (*):

https://www.instagram.com/hoohacks/



HooHacks Website: 

https://hoohacks.io



HooHacks LinkedIn:

https://www.linkedin.com/company/hoohacks



(*) - Make sure you join + follow these to stay

updated during HooHacks!

Schedule

HooHacks Schedule:

https://app.hoohacks.io

Software that you will need
Discord:

https://discord.com/download

07

03

Founders Fair
Interested in tech, business, and startups?

Come check out the Founders Fair at HooHacks — a brand
new opportunity to connect directly with MBA students
from UVA’s top-ranked Darden School of Business, home
to future entrepreneurs and business leaders.

These Darden founders are building real companies—and
they’re looking for software engineers, developers, and
product-minded students to join their missions. Whether
you want to launch your own venture, work at an earlystage startup, or just explore how software meets
strategy, this is your space to learn, connect, and
explore new career paths.


Thinking about pivoting from engineering to
entrepreneurship?

The Founders Fair is a great way to get inspired by
those who’ve done exactly that. You'll hear from MBAs
who’ve blended tech skills with business vision—and
discover how you can do the same. If you're curious
about product management, startups, or business
leadership roles, this is an incredible place to start
making that shift.


Note: This is not the Sponsorship Fair. Come with a
business and startup mindset—ready to network, ask
questions, and think big.


We also encourage you to check out the Darden School of
Business and the Batten Institute for Entrepreneurship,
Innovation, and Technology, two powerful communities at
UVA shaping the future of business and innovation.



Come to the HooHacks Founders Fair for the opportunity
to network with the founders of Memorial Tribute
Legacy, Erebus, TasteBuds, Altura Jewelry, Remeo, and
VuGru! Connect with builders in the UVA community,
learn more about how to take ventures to the next
level, and connect with these founders for internship
opportunities!

08

03

Founders Fair (cont.)
Memorial Tribute Legacy

Memorial Tribute Legacy (MTL) is redefining the way
people honor and remember those who pass away by
integrating durable QR code plaques with interactive
digital memorials. MTL seeks to digitize the memorial
space and bring nostalgic joy. Traditional
memorialization—such as gravestones and obituaries—
fails to capture the depth of a person’s life story.
MTL provides an innovative, tech-enabled solution
that allows Loved Ones – family, friends, and
community – to create evolving, multimedia containing
photo and video memorials that are accessible
anytime, anywhere.

Erebus

Erebus's goal is to increase the success of products
by focusing on the testing phase of software
development.

TasteBuds
TasteBuds is a social dining app that helps users
track, organize, and share restaurant experiences
with friends — cutting through the clutter of
anonymous reviews. The app is designed with clean UX,
Firebase backend, and a focus on helping users easily
remember and share their favorite spots.


Internship Opportunity: TasteBuds is currently
looking for a coder to help bring the MVP to life —
ideally someone who can build in Flutter or in iOS
and Dart.

Altura Jewelry

Altura is a jewelry brand that helps young
professionals to effortlessly level up their daily
outfit everyday


Opportunity: Looking for emerging talent to increase
brand visibility.

09

03

Founders Fair (cont.)
Remeo

Remeo is an AI assistant for project management.
Remeo attentively listens to conversations happening
within group chats, just like a dedicated team member
keeping their ear to the ground. It diligently
updates trackers, reminds everyone about important
deadlines and raises alerts when potential problems
arise, and generates client-ready snapshot reports,
presenting project progress in a professional format.

Remeo is like having an always-available, highly
organized, and communicative project team member, but
in AI form.


Internship Opportunity: Remeo is seeking interns of
AI Engineer, Software Engineer, and Product Manager
to help craft the first version of our product and
deliver an exceptional experience that wows their
customers.

VuGru

VuGru is a project management and collaboration
platform designed for photographers and videographers
working on real estate media. It streamlines
communication, asset delivery, and scheduling between
creative professionals and real estate agents. We’re
also exploring AI video generation features that can
turn house photos into listing videos, helping agents
market properties faster and more effectively. You
can check out our website at vugru.com.


Internship Opportunity: VuGru is seeking software
development help

10

04
What to Bring
Essentials

Sleeping Material
Sleeping Bag, Pillows, Blanket
Identification School ID, Driver’s License, etc.
Your ID must include your full name (no
initials) and a recent photo. Accepted forms of
ID include government ID (e.g. Driver’s License,
passport, etc). International students who study
in the USA may bring a valid school ID
Reusable Water Bottle
Laptop, Phone, and Charger
Headphone
Hygiene Essential
Deodorant, Toothbrush, etc
Dongles/Adapter
Any hardware you want for your project

Nice to Have

Change of Clothe
Surge Protecto
Raincoat/Umbrella check the weather in Cville!
Resume Printouts

11

05

Maps
You will be able to find what building each activity is
happening in during HooHacks, as well as parking space,
in the following maps. Please check app.hoohacks.io and
the Discord for the most up-to-date information on
event locations.

HooHacks Venue
Parking
Full UVA Visitor Parking Lot map can be found here.
HooHacks participants may park in E3 lots.
A detailed and larger map of the HooHacks venue is
listed on the next page. A full comprehensive list
of activities and location can be found on the
schedule at app.hoohacks.io

12

Detailed Venue Overview

Chemistry Building
Check-In and Opening Ceremon
Closing Ceremony
Rice Hall
Judging
You can find the Organizer Help Desk on Olsson First floor entrance Saturday 10 AM - 11 PM & Sunday 8 AM - 6 PM
Judging
Mechanical Engineering Building
Judging
Thornton Hall
Judging

13

06

Free Resources + Hardware
MLH Software Resources

MLH provides a plethora of resources available to all
hackers. For more information on all the resources
available to you from MLH, check out: https://
hack.mlh.io/software/


Also, check your emails for more specific

information from MLH!

Hardware

Our Inventory
9 Raspberry Pi 4 B Ki
2 Amazon Echo Dot
3 Amazon Echo Sho
8 Google Home Min
12 Arduino (101 or Uno) + Base Shield Ki
8 Leap Motio
Tackle box of assorted small components/sensors
that you can see the full details of here


How Do You Check Out Hardware?

Please contact an organizer at the Organizer Hub if
you would like to check out hardware. You will need
to provide some form of ID to an organizer or MLH
representative to checkout the hardware you are
borrowing and will receive the ID back once the
hardware is returned. Hardware is limited, we
recommend bringing anything you need for your project
yourself.

Balsalmiq
Balsalmiq is providing hackers with a Balsalmiq Cloud
promo code.


For directions see: How Do I Redeem a Balsamiq Cloud
Promo Code?


Redemption Code: HOOHACKS2025

14

Perplexity AI
We’re partnering with Perplexity to offer 6 months
free Perplexity Pro to all HooHacks participants.

Perplexity’s AI-powered search provides clear sources
and citations for every answer. Hundreds of thousands
of students around the world use Perplexity for
research, studying and schoolwork.



Perplexity is also great for hackathons. Check out
this short video from the Perplexity team with a few
tips to use Perplexity at HooHacks.



With Perplexity Pro, you receive free API credits for
the Sonar API, plus you can search 3x the sources,
generate unlimited Deep Research reports, and use the
latest AI models such as DeepSeek R1 and Claude 3.7
Sonnet. This code will expire on March 31st, so
please redeem it before then. Make sure to sign up
with your university email to claim the offer.



Perplexity Pro Redemption Link: https://
www.perplexity.ai/?discount_code=FREEPPLXHOOHACKS25


Roboflow
Roboflow is a platform for building computer vision
applications, making it easy for developers to go
from idea to production. With tools for dataset
management, annotation, model training, and
deployment, Roboflow streamlines the entire computer
vision workflow. Whether you're working with object
detection, classification, or segmentation, Roboflow
provides pre-trained models, easy integrations, and
an intuitive interface to accelerate development of
Visual AI projects. 



Hackathon teams can leverage Roboflow to quickly
prototype and deploy AI-powered projects without
requiring a deep expertise in machine learning. Our
no-code and API-driven tools allow you to upload
images, train models, and deploy them to various
environments, including the web, mobile, and edge
devices. Roboflow's research plan gives teams the
ability to build and deploy computer vision models
for free.



Redeem free credit instructions: https://
roboflow.com/contribute#details-research

15

Wolfram

Wolfram Research is pleased to sponsor your event by
providing six months of access for all participants
to our technology: Wolfram|One!


The latest Wolfram technology stack makes it possible
for you to develop and deploy useful applications in
minutes.

Alongside your access to Wolfram|One, you will also
receive the Wolfram API, which allows you to connect
to the massive computable database that powers
Wolfram|Alpha.

If you utilize the Wolfram Language in your project
and post your project on Wolfram Community, you will
be eligible for a $500 scholarship to one of our
research-based summer programs if you apply and are
offered a place.


For complimentary access to our development platform
and the Wolfram API, just click here:  

https://account.wolfram.com/redeem/qzHooHacks325


This URL will take you to a sign-in page and prompt
you to log in using your Wolfram ID. If you don't
already have a Wolfram ID, you'll be prompted to
create one using an active email address. Once logged
in, you will see in the Downloads section which
platforms of the software you have access to, with
their accompanying activation keys. Please download
the desktop version to your machine, boot up the
application and use the associated activation key
when prompted. This will grant you full access for
six months from your activation date.




.xyz

.xyz is proud to give .xyz domain names to
participants of the HooHacks event because your

big ideas deserve a platform that can help you
broadcast them to the world. There are 350 licenses
to give out, and it’s on a first come first serve
basis!


Redemption Code: HOO25


16

07

Workshop Downloads
If you plan on attending any of these workshops, please
download the associated files or programs so that you
will be ready to get started right away.

Intro to Django Workshop

Download Python here: 

https://www.python.org/downloads/


We recommend using VSCode, download it here:

https://code.visualstudio.com/


Follow the instructions in installing Django
here: 

https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/topics/
install/#installing-official-release

Intro to Git Workshop

Download Git from here: 

https://git-scm.com/downloads


Intro to React

Download Node.js here: 

https://nodejs.org/en/download/


We will go over code from both client-side and 

server-side folders.



We recommend using VSCode, download it here:

https://code.visualstudio.com/



In your IDE, open a new terminal and type 

npx create-react-router@latest project-name
You can put whatever project name you wan
This will install React and all its dependencies

17

Game Development with Unity Engine
Download Unity Hub Here:
https://unity.com/download


Once Unity Hub is downloaded, download the Unity Engine
and Visual Studio from Unity Hub.

Intro to CTFs and Web Exploitation with MetaCTF
The competition will be available at https://mctf.io/
hoohacks25 


Materials:
If you like to come prepared, check out the brief guide
at https://metactf.com/prep

18

07
FAQ

Where is HooHacks?

HooHacks will take place across Engineer’s Way at
UVA. We will have events take place in Rice Hall,
Olsson Hall, Thornton Hall, the Mechanical
Engineering Building, and the Chemistry Building.


Where can I park?

See page 12 for information on where to park.

What should I bring?

See page 11 for information on what to bring.

Do I need a team?

If you are planning to compete for a prize, you may
be in a team of 1-4 people. If you don't have one
yet, no worries! We will have a team formation
workshop before hacking begins.

What is the procedure for receiving a
reimbursement? 

See page 20 for travel reimbursement details.

I still have more questions. What do I do?

Use the #ask-an-organizer channel in Discord to
direct all your questions! The organizers will
respond to you as soon as possible. The organizers
will be wearing red HooHacks shirt, so feel free to
ask them any questions you may have as well. Please
feel free to visit the organizer room, you are
welcome to visit with any questions you may have!

19

08

Reimbursements + Raffle
Travel Reimbursement

During the event, you can collect your reimbursement at
the Organizer Help Desk. You must present your ID and
Venmo/PayPal/Zelle information. The reimbursement desk
will be open from 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM on Saturday and
8:00 AM - 11:00 AM on Sunday.

Drivers

If you drove your own vehicle, on the day of the event,
you will be asked to submit a photo of where you parked
with the license plate visible in the photo. This
should match the number you provide in the preregistration. If you rented a car, you will need to
provide proof of purchase for the car you rented. If
multiple people were in your vehicle, all must be
present when requesting reimbursement.

Train/ Bus/ Air

On the day of the event, you will be asked to show
confirmation of ticket purchase to verify your trip.
We offer reimbursement for those who drive and fly if
and only if they also submit a project.

HooCoins + Raffle

Throughout the event, we will be raffling off
numerous incredible prizes to hackers based on the
HooCoins you collect and the workshops you attend.
Many workshops will have prize raffles for workshop
attendees. At the end of the event, we will be
raffling away and awarding prizes to hackathon
attendees based on the HooCoins they accumulate. Earn
more HooCoins by attending workshops + events
throughout the hackathon!

20

We hope you enjoy your
time at HooHacks 2025.
Happy Hacking :)